# Super-Flash-Cards
an open source application intended to hopefully replace quizlet, and be complettely free.

what is Super Flash Cards Suppost to become:
Super Flash Cards will be very similar to quizlet in the way that it has study sets, and in those study sets you can study with flash cards, practice tests, a learn function where you will be quizzed with falshcards, multiple choice questions, and text questions. However unlike quizlet, the app will be free with no Ad's. In addition to it being free, I plan on making the process of making study sets become more spicific. My plan is that when a user wants to make a new study set they are asked if theis study set they are creating if for a spiasific subject (english, math, social studies, science, world language, and others), then wehn they select a spicific subject the app will quiz the user in the most effective way to help teach that subject (example: if a user selects world language, spanish, and they put vocab into the set. when using the learn feature the application might have the user type the translation of a english word into spanish, if the user gets it right he moves on. If the user gets it wrong, they are told the correct translation and have to retype it 3 times to move on, and later they will be asked for that spacific vocab word later). Also when the user selects the subject and goes to make the study set, the user will be able to specify what type of flash card it is (weather its vocab, practice probelm, or other). I also plan on incorperating AI into this project.